# `v1.0` Audífonos X menos

The objective of this version is to add services to have an operative e-commerce.

## :scroll:Table of Contents

1. [New Entity: Order](#space_invader-new-entity-order)
1. [New User Histories](#newspaper-new-user-histories)
1. [New Pages](#satellite-new-pages)
1. [Major Changes](#exclamation-major-changes)
    1. [Testing]()
    1. [CI/CD]()
    1. [Hosting]()
    1. [Policies]()
1. [Minor Changes](#traffic_light-minor-changes)
    1. [Frontend](#airplane-new-navigation-map)
    1. [SEO](#dvd-new-sql-database)
    1. [Documentation]()

### :space_invader: New Entity: Order

Order is the result of doing a shopping in the application that contains all the information related to a purchase.

### :newspaper: New User Histories

 The following user histories have been added: 

| UH related with policies |
| :-: |
| UH-108 Access to Disclaimer | 
| UH-109 Access to Cookies Policy | 
| UH-110 Access to Privacy Policy | 
| UH-111 Access to Terms & Conditions | 
| UH-112 Request to accept cookies the first time the user accesses the site | 
| UH-113 Configure Cookies | 
| UH-114 Request to accept terms & conditions the first time the user accesses the site | 
| UH-115 Connect with a TPV  |

| UH related with Services |
| :-: |
| UH-214 Contact via email | 
| UH-215 Request an in-person appointment online  |
| UH-216 Generate Receipt of the order  |
| UH-217 Notify order  | 
| UH-218 Send audiogram by email  |

| UH related with Order Entity |
| :-: |
| UH-304 Place an Order |
| UH-305 See your Orders |
| UH-306 See Order details |

### :satellite: New Pages

The following screens related to the new Order entity have been created:

* Shopping
* See Orders

The following screens related to the policies have been created:

* Disclaimer
* Cookies Policy
* Privacy Policy
* Terms & Conditions

Other pages created:

* Contact Page (Functional)
* Appointment Page (Functional)

### :exclamation: Major changes

More important changes with respect to the release.

#### :microphone: Testing

Unit, integration, component, and system tests have been added.

Unit, integration, and component tests were performed using [Vitest](https://vitest.dev/).

System tests were performed using [Playwright](https://playwright.dev/).

#### :rocket: CI/CD

Continuous integration, continuous delivery, and continuous deployment using GitHub Actions have been added to the GitHub repository.

#### :partly_sunny: Hosting

The website is hosted on Hostinger's hosting platform using a VPS.

#### :euro: Policies

Various pages related to the policies associated with the web application have been added.

The pages added are the disclaimer, the cookie policy, the privacy policy, and the terms and conditions.

### :traffic_light: Minor changes

Less important changes with respect to the release.

#### :calling: Frontend

The visual appearance of various components and pages has been updated.

#### :mag: SEO

Aspects related to the application's SEO have been added, such as the favicon, metadata, sitemap, and robots.

#### :file_folder: Documentation

The various diagrams associated with the application have been updated with the new information.

The organisation of the documentation has also been changed.

